README.md, before:

# Foodie Buddies

## Audience

The audience for this project is for anyone that loves to eat great food. It's kind of a Wikipedia-like site in that anyone is allowed to add and make changes to restaurant and menu entries. If a restaurant already exists, visitors will be allowed to make comments on the existing menu entries or to create a new menu entry for another dish.
There is a search feature which will allow people to search for restaurants based on desired cuisine.

## Technologies Used

-  Python
-  Django
-  Sass
-  PostgreSQL

## Packages

-  django
-  psycopg2-binary
-  django-extensions
-  ipython

## Project Approach

-  Prioritize planning stage.
-  Use planning homework as a way to narrow down a project idea.
-  Take it step by step using class lessons in order to build an app with django.
-  Commit early and often.
-  Take a step back from more technical items by working on styling.

## Things I Learned

-  I learned to incorporate SASS into styling for this project. I created many smaller .scss files for each part of the page, so it was easier to go back and make specific changes and fixes.
-  I learned to incorporate a search feature in django. (I lost this feature after massive deployment issues. I will try to recoup this feature very soon!)
-  I am learning to deploy a django app.

## User Experience

-  A visitor will land on the page with all Restaurant listings. They are able to browse through existing listings or they can add a listing of their own by clicking on the + button. Once a restaurant page is reached or created, the visitor can browse any existing individual menu items or add a new menu item. Once a visitor is interested in a particular menu item and clicks on it, they will be taken to that menu item's individual page. They can read through the comments about that menu item or add their own comment in regards to that menu item.

Commit message:

planning.md, readmd.md, base.html changes

README.md, after:

# Wikifoodia

## Audience

The audience for this project is for anyone that loves to eat great food. It's kind of a Wikipedia-like site in that anyone is allowed to add and make changes to restaurant and menu entries. If a restaurant already exists, visitors will be allowed to make comments on the existing menu entries or to create a new menu entry for another dish.

There is a search feature which will allow people to search for restaurants based on desired cuisine or location.

## Technologies Used

-  Python
-  Django
-  Sass
-  PostgreSQL

## Packages

-  django
-  psycopg2-binary
-  django-extensions
-  ipython

## Project Approach

-  Prioritize planning stage.
-  Use planning homework as a way to narrow down a project idea.
-  Take it step by step using class lessons in order to build an app with django.
-  Commit early and often.
-  Take a step back from more technical items by working on styling.

## Things I Learned

-  I learned to incorporate SASS into styling for this project. I created many smaller .scss files for each part of the page, so it was easier to go back and make specific changes and fixes.
-  I learned to incorporate a search feature in django. (I lost this feature after massive deployment issues. I will try to recoup this feature very soon!)
-  I am learning to deploy a django app.
-  I eventually learned exactly what was going on in the .html files and how it interacted with the views.py and urls.py. Prior to completing this project, I merely noticed patterns throughout the homework/lessons without truly understanding what actions were taken place and why specific code was written for referencing.

## User Experience

-  A visitor will land on the page with all Restaurant listings. They are able to browse through existing listings or they can add a listing of their own by clicking on the + button. Once a restaurant page is reached or created, the visitor can browse any existing individual menu items or add a new menu item. Once a visitor is interested in a particular menu item and clicks on it, they will be taken to that menu item's individual page. They can read through the comments about that menu item or add their own comment in regards to that menu item.

Landing page:
![All restaurants](https://imgur.com/TLKYt2u)

Menu-item page:
![Single menu item](https://imgur.com/OgQeKNL)
